Update Module.md (#14893)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/database/mysql/src/main/ballerina/mysql/Module.md

> ### Endpoint 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating the Endpoint 
```
Creating the "client" or "endpoint"?

Author: It should be `Client`. I'll fix it.

> To access a database, you must first create a `client` object. A sample for creating a MySQL client can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create a `client` object to access a database. The following is a sample for creating a MySQL client.
```

Author: I don't think we should say "Following is a ...." because the example is not found immediately.

> found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### Connection pool handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling the connection pool
```

> There are 3 possible scenarios for connection pool handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 possible ways of handling the connection pool.
```

> 1. Global, shareable default connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a global shareable connection pool with the default configurations
```

Shall we make this a subtopic?

If you do not provide the `poolOptions` field, a globally shareable pool will be created for your database unless

> a connection pool matching with the properties you provided already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a connection pool matching the properties you provided already exists.
```

```ballerina
mysql:Client testDB = new({
    host: "localhost",
    port: 3306,
    name: "testdb",
    username: "root",
    password: "root",
    dbOptions: { "useSSL": false }
});
```

> 2. Client owned, unshareable connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating an unshareable connection pool owned by the client
```
Shall we make this a subtopic?

If you define the `poolOptions` field inline, an unshareable connection pool will be created.

```ballerina
mysql:Client testDB = new({
    host: "localhost",
    port: 3306,
    name: "testdb",
    username: "root",
    password: "root",
    poolOptions: { maximumPoolSize: 5 },
    dbOptions: { "useSSL": false }
});
```

> 3. Local shareable connection pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a local shareable connection pool
```
Shall we make this a subtopic?

If you create a record of type `sql:PoolOptions` and reuse that in the configuration of multiple clients, for each
set of clients that connect to the same database instance with the same set of properties, a shared connection pool

> will be created.

Reviewer: If you create a record of type `sql:PoolOptions` and reuse that in the configuration of multiple clients, a shared connection pool will be created for each set of clients that connect to the same database instance with the same set of properties.

```ballerina
mysql:Client testDB1;
mysql:Client testDB2;
mysql:Client testDB3;

sql:PoolOptions poolOptions1 = { maximumPoolSize: 5 };

testDB1 = new({
    host: "localhost",
    port: 3306,
    name: "testdb",
    username: "root",
    password: "root",
    poolOptions: poolOptions1,
    dbOptions: { "useSSL": false }
});

testDB2 = new({
    host: "localhost",
    port: 3306,
    name: "testdb",
    username: "root",
    password: "root",
    poolOptions: poolOptions1,
    dbOptions: { "useSSL": false }
});

testDB3 = new({
    host: "localhost",
    port: 3306,
    name: "testdb",
    username: "root",
    password: "root",
    poolOptions: poolOptions1,
    dbOptions: { "useSSL": false }
});
```

> The default values for the connection pool properties can be found in the `sql:PoolOptions` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default values of the connection pool properties can be found in the `sql:PoolOptions` type.
```

### Database operations

> Once the client is created, database operations can be executed through that client. This module provides support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the client is created, the database operations can be executed through that client. This module provides support for
```

creating tables and executing stored procedures. It also supports selecting, inserting, deleting, updating, and batch
updating data. For more details on the supported remote functions refer to the `sql` module. Also the details of the
SQL data types and query parameters relevant to these database operations can be found in the documentation of the

> `sql` module.

Reviewer: creating tables and executing stored procedures. It also supports selecting, inserting, deleting, updating, and updating data in batches. For more details on the supported remote functions, see the documentation of the `sql` module. 

Also, the details of the
SQL data types and query parameters relevant to these database operations can be found in the documentation of the`sql` module.
